README.md, before:

# OrganizedResearchTab

![Image](https://i.imgur.com/buuPQel.png)

Update of Lazevedos mod
https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=882641145

![Image](https://i.imgur.com/pufA0kM.png)

	
![Image](https://i.imgur.com/Z4GOv8H.png)

# THIS IS AN EMERGENCY UPDATE TO A17. YOUR *OTHER* TABS MIGHT LOOK FUNKY.

I MIGHT UPDATE THIS SOMETIME IN 2019.


------------------//------------------

**When you use mods that add research projects, your Research Tab gets cluttered, sometimes with projects out of view. This mod presents a solution to that problem.**

The main sorting criteria is dependency. Think of each column you see as a layer, organized in way that allows projects to appear more to the right than its prerequisites. Also, layers are internally sorted to minimize edge crossing (those lines that indicate dependency), in order to avoid a spaghetti look.

# Compatibility

Compatible with your saved games. Not compatible with other mods that replace the Research Tab.

# FAQ

*Does it work with the vertical scrollbar mod?*
When you use this mod, you won't need a vertical scrollbar

More details in the https://ludeon.com/forums/index.php?topic=31083.0]original forum post

![Image](https://i.imgur.com/PwoNOj4.png)



-  See if the the error persists if you just have this mod and its requirements active.
-  If not, try adding your other mods until it happens again.
-  Post your error-log using https://steamcommunity.com/workshop/filedetails/?id=818773962]HugsLib and command Ctrl+F12
-  For best support, please use the Discord-channel for error-reporting.
-  Do not report errors by making a discussion-thread, I get no notification of that.
-  If you have the solution for a problem, please post it to the GitHub repository.




https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/changelog/2606510510]Last updated 2023-04-12

Commit message:

Mod updated for 1.5 and passed autotests

README.md, after:

# OrganizedResearchTab

![Image](https://i.imgur.com/buuPQel.png)

Update of Lazevedos mod
https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=882641145

![Image](https://i.imgur.com/pufA0kM.png)

	
![Image](https://i.imgur.com/Z4GOv8H.png)

# THIS IS AN EMERGENCY UPDATE TO A17. YOUR *OTHER* TABS MIGHT LOOK FUNKY.

I MIGHT UPDATE THIS SOMETIME IN 2019.


------------------//------------------

**When you use mods that add research projects, your Research Tab gets cluttered, sometimes with projects out of view. This mod presents a solution to that problem.**

The main sorting criteria is dependency. Think of each column you see as a layer, organized in way that allows projects to appear more to the right than its prerequisites. Also, layers are internally sorted to minimize edge crossing (those lines that indicate dependency), in order to avoid a spaghetti look.

# Compatibility

Compatible with your saved games. Not compatible with other mods that replace the Research Tab.

# FAQ

*Does it work with the vertical scrollbar mod?*
When you use this mod, you won't need a vertical scrollbar

More details in the https://ludeon.com/forums/index.php?topic=31083.0]original forum post

![Image](https://i.imgur.com/PwoNOj4.png)



-  See if the the error persists if you just have this mod and its requirements active.
-  If not, try adding your other mods until it happens again.
-  Post your error-log using https://steamcommunity.com/workshop/filedetails/?id=818773962]HugsLib or the standalone https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2873415404]Uploader and command Ctrl+F12
-  For best support, please use the Discord-channel for error-reporting.
-  Do not report errors by making a discussion-thread, I get no notification of that.
-  If you have the solution for a problem, please post it to the GitHub repository.
-  Use https://github.com/RimSort/RimSort/releases/latest]RimSort to sort your mods



https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/changelog/2606510510]![Image](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/emipa606/OrganizedResearchTab?label=latest%20version&style=plastic&color=9f1111&labelColor=black)
